hey guys and just talking on skype was
jumpy love and shiny after Nick I found
a shiny after 56 encounters the same
exact number of as Joel take this does
not make any sense I was hunting for
clink as you guys may know in a car Sean
cave and today just decide to switch it
up cuz jumpy off actually found a place
in um sinnoh not to know you nova where
you could find we could find fourteen
percent clink and then magna pulling it
makes it almost all clink but i found a
shiny scraggy which is the least common
thing here it's actually pretty crazy
because i thought this was like saying
how there's like barely any scraggy the
least common thing here and I'm like oh
there's a scraggy and then a freakin
sparkles I did not realize it was shiny
at all and um scraggy is actually the
shiny that inspired me to look for more
because i found a random trying strategy
the day black and white release it's
really nice to get one back just to keep
scraggy okay
this is amazing
but does this thing have high jump kick
oh crap hold on
oh ok it does it doesn't know it doesn't
learn to tell level 31 okay that's good
I have together for a second um pack in
a permeable critical capture sweet
that's awesome
no nickname this is also the file I
found my random scratchy all my shiny is
a while honey clink have been on two
games my black and my white number three
Kelly doesn't Lisa 56 encounters I just
got this route okay here's my admin
County Fair Oh seed and shinier from
make guesses modest for the nature and a
Juggalo gets his admin i'm gonna guess
mild its relaxed that's an okay nature i
guess look at that I can't believe this
oh my god and has moxie which is
definitely the preferred ability I am
beyond shocked right now really hoping
that I get clink next this is just
amazing normal dirtier shiny scraggy
thanks for watching everybody fill up
all your homes